Ltrident/

/current goal

/dynamic tables
-actual data written right after building
-data can be appended easily
-table removal is bit more tricky. Sure we can just memset it to 0 and invalidate the treg
entry but that would leave holes and would be prone to corruption.
Instead of inplace editing we just to make copy of the whole file and append sections accordingly.
No user would ever modify these sections. This would be very rare operation to do after creation
and possible use would be limited.
-For inplace editing we can just set some tombstone and quickly lookup hole large enough for the data
then pad the hole with 0's
-each dtbl needs to provide size function in which way we can reserve the data in treg before writing


/treg
-simply flat model with no inplace editing for now, all data has to be read then rewritten 
this section is very small compared to single dtbl entry so it doesnt matter much

-what if user decides to add new dtbl section after creation ?
where would ideal treg placement be then as it can also grow
in size? probably right thing would be to use the same approach as the removal of section
to just create new file and copy it accordingly, we could also in theory append the new section
and if shorter than the treg we would also need to take into consideration of the floating bad data
that would remain. OR we could copy the treg into memory truncate the file till the start of the treg
add the new section then append the treg aggain for larger files this might be beneficial in the future
but for now its too much hassle for no reward as no user would ever modify it manually as there is no
reason for that. 


/sd lock status
-very very bad and error prone approach i chose that it should be compactly stored inside sd
-best approach lock file next to it with appropriate flag and process PID, timestamp. Dont know if this 
should directly be handled by libtrpm instead of the client ?

/open
-map file to memory option when opening, we already have API wrappers around fstream
and serialization, we just need to extend these function with option for mapped files
and bound checking

/bitmap
SD section some reserved field should be the bitmap for fast checking the dtbls
if present. UTBLS are not there so according to specs if we are checking tbl 
with number higher than 65535 then we cannot check as utbls are not hardcoded

/paging
-page dynsec large sections

TEST ENDIANNESS ON PPC EMULATOR


DO NOT STORE THE FILE SIZE BY INCREMENTING. INSTEAD AT THE VERY END OF WRITING TO THE PACKAGE
SUBSTRACT SIZE OF WHOLE FILE AND HEADER

- long term goal implement optional sandboxed environment for launched apps (not part of the libtrident library)
but the actual trpm launcher, most likely bubblewrap or libsandbox2 with custom fs isolation as reinventing wheel
for this would be too much hustle and open billion vulnerabilities as I have 0 to none experience with BPF and seccomp 
for this toy project this would however break the system compatibility on non linux systems
optional feature ?

- long term goal do gui frontend to some dev tool to see inside
the package instead of plain cli, something with ui like UEFItool
made with qt6, user could in tree view in some section click resource/extract...